the appearance
health in force of the choreographer
German pina bausch is an event
of importance for contemporary dance
trained in classical and then in dance
modern German and American
pina bausch will first lead the famous
studio scenes legacy of the leader of
German expressionism kurt jooss
for ten years she's been working with her
troop had small town portal
quiet of the ruhr and imposes in
all countries
his style and his works as always
with the great innovators she arouses
very lively reactions both
strong seduction but also to roger his
originality and its strength lies without
doubt in his marriage of dance and
theater
these meticulous staging and
the use it makes of its
dancers from collages of
very subtle musical arrangements of gestures
stereotypes and repeated situations and
often autobiographical elements
brought by the dancers themselves
pina bausch frames these pieces a little
like in the movies
and she adds the dance to deliver us
his very realistic look at humanity
no message
only on stage 26 dancers trained in
classic and modern 13
different nationalities than pina bausch
chooses meticulously for what they
are in life their human qualities
and their talent as an actor he speaks to us
of the love of tenderness is he
modes that Sunday behaviors and
which often slips into ambiguity
misunderstanding hysteria violence pina
bausch at age 40 and part of his
memories and that of germany's
painful years
the film we offer is more
that a documentary about the work of
pina bausch
it's a journey in his world to
through his tireless quest for love